hello my name is lydia and i'm
originally from Kenya
i'm going to give you an idea of my life
studying at uva and living in norwich as
an international student i'm currently
enrolled on the BSC international
development with overseas experience
when i first arrived the two year i was
a bit apprehensive I wasn't very sure
what to expect but then we had campus
tour lots of people were quite
supportive and I feel quite settled in
now I feel like I've been here for ages
the dinner student office is a support
service for international students I'm
on my way there look at you extending my
visa what you can do is come to one of
our visa extension workshops which take
place every week and they offer support
regarding an accommodation visa
extension academic support especially in
English language support it's there to
generally help with any concerns of
student well-being well dare to
university
new year has very good sports facilities
at the momentum other sports park and as
you can see I'm in the gymnasium I
usually come to a car here maybe two or
three times a week also sometimes I come
with my friends we have a coffee we go
for a robeks together or walk climbing
so yeah I do enjoy work it out to
discuss club
we are currently in the gym splat center
which is a language support center that
is provided by UAE it's especially
important for students who want to
either learn in the language but
especially for those that want to
improve in their English this quite a
few eating or growing up facilities on
campus I particularly like the zest or
blend and there are fairly cheap there's
also our small supermarket that is run
by the student union there's three bunk
branches in a bookshop as well so this
quite a few facilities on campus hi can
I have a point a sundae please
this is a union pub which is why I do
part-time work and you about 12 hours a
week and you could run about say almost
seven pounds an hour it's quite helpful
for me and I really enjoy working here
what I really enjoy most about working
in the union pub is one because it's on
Tom cast and has very flexible hours and
also my colleagues are also University
students our money to make lots of new
friends on different courses not just on
what I'm sorry and again some work
experience and of course the extra money
does go a long way just to help me meet
any extra needs that I have
every three weeks I play in a band it's
a local charge bun and I'm the drama for
this fun and being part of a band is a
great opportunity to meet new friends a
lot of the members are much further than
i am and are not involved in the middle
so i'm being exposed to other people's
rights to live in knowledge as well
the rooms on campus you can either live
in an end sweet or standard room but in
all fairness because you on campus and
the facilities are well looked after
it's quite comfortable regardless of
where you live I also enjoy studying in
my room because one this adequate space
and two we have internet access in fact
all rooms on campus have access to
internet and because it's easier to
borrow books from the library usually
can have them for about two weeks I find
it easier to study in here but i have my
own personal space and it's often
blurred by all right now the kitchen era
and as you can see we have really good
facilities yeah and there's enough space
for everyone in the fridge about two
microwaves and our friends over today
because of course I'm going to a party
and it's just really good to you know
cut up I've involve stress or was it
laughing like with inning and it's also
quite a good common sitting area for all
the members of the flat but I'm living
and often I'll have my friends come
around and have a meal or service cut up
with snacks yeah sorry
I've been trying all these dozen I'm on
my way to a birthday party for two of my
friends and lots of my african caribbean
society friends would be there as well
it was very easy to make friends when it
came to a simple because there's so many
different cultural people and everyone's
quite friendly yeah
but you know i am quite far away from
home but there's so many activities here
that this hardly much time to really
miss omnium friends if you join
societies as well you make lots of new
friends it shouldn't be lonely and
there's always internet you can email
them it's quite easy to get
international cards which are tube to
call pour methyl i would thoroughly
encourage students from africa to come
and study at you year because the
international experience is absolutely
brilliant you're going to have lots of
friends who also from africa and at the
same time make lots of new friends from
different cultures different countries
and you will not feel lost here
whatsoever it's a great place to be I
would definitely encourage you to
explore you yay